Update glossary terms in Lisk docs - Closes #1557 (#1617)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/glossary.adoc

:url_delegate_misbehavior: understand-blockchain/lisk-protocol/transactions.adoc#pom
:url_discover_misbehavior: {docs_sdk}modules/dpos-module.adoc#discover
:url_protocol_transactions_pom: understand-blockchain/lisk-protocol/transactions.adoc#pom
// :url_transaction_properties: understand-blockchain/lisk-protocol/transactions.adoc#transaction-properties
:url_dpos: {docs_sdk}modules/dpos-module.adoc#dpos
:url_delegate_registration: {lisk-docs}run-blockchain/forging.adoc#registering-a-delegate

> :url_delegate_registration_tx: {lisk-docs}run-blockchain/forging.adoc#create-the-delegate-registraton-transaction

Author: OK cool...Many thanks Talha! 👍

:url_genesis_block: understand-blockchain/lisk-protocol/blocks.adoc#genesis-block
:url_reclaim_lsk: {docs-core}index.adoc#lsk-reclaim
:url_tx_properties: understand-blockchain/lisk-protocol/transactions.adoc#transaction-properties
:url_multisignature: understand-blockchain/lisk-protocol/transactions.adoc#multisignature
:url_token_transfer: {lisk-docs}understand-blockchain/lisk-protocol/transactions.adoc#transfer
:url_token_unlock: {lisk-docs}understand-blockchain/lisk-protocol/transactions.adoc#unlock

> :url_data_structure: {lisk-docs}understand-blockchain/lcodec-schema.adoc#data-types

Author: Great! Many thanks again Talha, I have now updated the links accordingly 👍

:url_hash_onion: {docs-sdk}references/lisk-elements/cryptography.adoc#methods-for-the-hash-onion
:url_blockchain_app: build-blockchain/index.adoc
:url_mainnet: lisk-core::index.adoc#mainnet
:url_state_store: {docs-sdk}references/lisk-elements/chain.adoc#state-store-and-database-mechanism
:url_reducer: understand-blockchain/sdk/modules-assets.adoc#reducers
:url_base_endpoint: understand-blockchain/sdk/modules-commands.adoc#the-baseendpoint-class
:url_github_lip_46: https://github.com/LiskHQ/lips/blob/main/proposals/lip-0046.md

== A

=== Account

An account is an address with an amount of tokens referred to as the balance.
// Furthermore, accounts are serialized and deserialized according to the account schema.
// An account consists of a unique identifier / <<account-address,address>>, an amount of tokens referred to as balance and possibly some additional properties used in other parts of the blockchain application.

=== Account address

The address is a unique identifier which has state information associated with it for accounts in the Lisk blockchain.
They are the 20-byte hash value of the public key that controls the account initially.

> In all front-end products, addresses are displayed in a human-readable representation called <<lisk32-representation>>.

Author: Yes, good point. I also checked with Sergey, and he suggested it would be OK to change it to "Lisk32 format" 👍

An example for an address in Lisk32 presentation is `lskxwnb4ubt93gz49w3of855yy9uzntddyndahm6s`.
When referring to addresses in Lisk, we always assume the Lisk32 representation, without explicitly having to mention it.
In the Lisk protocol and SDK only the 20 byte value is stored for efficiency and sometimes the hexadecimal representation of the address is used.
Further details regarding other address representations can be seen here in the xref:{url_data_structure}[table for different data types] on the schema reference page.

=== Active delegate

> An active delegate can mostly be considered as a forging delegate, who is able to forge new blocks for the Lisk blockchain. Rank 1-101.

Author: In general yes, although according to the terminology sheet we will still use 'delegate' when referring to DPoS. However, I have removed this entry 👍 
'Forging' is now 'Generating'

:url_delegate_registration_tx: run-blockchain/forging.adoc#create-the-delegate-registraton-transaction

:url_genesis_block: understand-blockchain/lisk-protocol/blocks.adoc#genesis-block
:url_reclaim_lsk: lisk-core::index.adoc#lsk-reclaim
:url_tx_properties: understand-blockchain/lisk-protocol/transactions.adoc#transaction-properties
:url_multisignature: understand-blockchain/lisk-protocol/transactions.adoc#multisignature
:url_token_transfer: understand-blockchain/lisk-protocol/transactions.adoc#transfer
:url_token_unlock: understand-blockchain/lisk-protocol/transactions.adoc#unlock
:url_data_structure: understand-blockchain/codec-schema.adoc#data-types
:url_hash_onion: {docs-sdk}references/lisk-elements/modules/cryptography.adoc#hashOnion
:url_blockchain_app: build-blockchain/index.adoc
:url_mainnet: lisk-core::index.adoc#mainnet
:url_state_store: {docs-sdk}references/lisk-elements/modules/chain.adoc
:url_reducer: understand-blockchain/sdk/modules-assets.adoc#reducers
:url_base_endpoint: understand-blockchain/sdk/modules-commands.adoc#the-baseendpoint-class
:url_github_lip_46: https://github.com/LiskHQ/lips/blob/main/proposals/lip-0046.md

== A

=== Account

> An account is an address with an amount of tokens referred to as the balance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An account is an address with a number of tokens referred to as the balance.
```

//  Furthermore, accounts are serialized and deserialized according to the account schema.
// An account consists of a unique identifier / <<account-address,address>>, an amount of tokens referred to as balance and possibly some additional properties used in other parts of the blockchain application.

=== Account address

The address is a unique identifier which has state information associated with it for accounts in the Lisk blockchain.
They are the 20-byte hash value of the public key that controls the account initially.
In all front-end products, addresses are displayed in a human-readable representation called <<Lisk32 format>>.

> An example for an address in Lisk32 presentation is `lskxwnb4ubt93gz49w3of855yy9uzntddyndahm6s`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of an address in the Lisk32 format is `lskxwnb4ubt93gz49w3of855yy9uzntddyndahm6s`.
```

When referring to addresses in Lisk, we always assume the Lisk32 format, without explicitly having to mention it.
In the Lisk protocol and SDK only the 20 byte value is stored for efficiency and sometimes the hexadecimal representation of the address is used.
Further details regarding other address formats can be seen here in the xref:{url_data_structure}[table for different data types] on the schema reference page.

=== Active delegate

An active delegate (now classed as a validator), can mostly be considered as an entity, that can generate new blocks for the Lisk blockchain.

> A total of 101 validators exist in Lisk blockchain, for this purpose and each validator is ranked from 1-101.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A total of 101 validators exist in the Lisk blockchain for this purpose, and each validator is ranked from 1-101.
```

A temporary, internal-only testing network of a Lisk Core alpha candidate.

=== API

The API is defined as the interface for module-to-module communication.

//An API is an application programming interface, and is classed as software intermediary that allows applications to communicate with each other.

=== Application hooks

Application hooks are defined as module methods that are only called during the block generation.
These hooks can introduce state changes but are unable to mutate the block.

=== Authorities

A special term for validators in a PoA sidechain.

=== Auth module

The Auth module is responsible for handling and verifying nonces and for transaction signature validation which includes transactions from multisignature accounts.
Furthermore, an updated multisignature registration process is now used, based on the new registration parameters.
Finally, a new storage interface for the Auth module is available, which in turn will become part of the state tree and will be authenticated by the state root.

=== Authority update command

A transaction used to update the active validators in PoA chains.

== B

=== BCH Codes - Bose, Chaudhuri, and Hocquenghem codes

> BCH codes are error-correcting codes. The Bose, Chaudhuri and Hocquenghem ({url_bch_codes}[BCH^]) codes form a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BCH codes are error-correcting codes. The Bose, Chaudhuri, and Hocquenghem ({url_bch_codes}[BCH^]) codes form a
```

:url_mainnet: lisk-core::index.adoc#mainnet
:url_state_store: understand-blockchain/sdk/modules-assets.adoc#the-state-store
:url_reducer: understand-blockchain/sdk/modules-assets.adoc#reducers
:url_base_endpoint: understand-blockchain/sdk/modules-commands.adoc#the-baseendpoint-class
:url_github_lip_46: https://github.com/LiskHQ/lips/blob/main/proposals/lip-0046.md

== A

=== Account

An account can be classed as any data associated with an address.

> // An account consists of a unique identifier / <<account-address,address>>, an amount of tokens referred to as balance and possibly some additional properties used in other parts of the blockchain application.

Author: I have added in the following to complement the basic description, so it now reads as follows:
"An account can be classed as any data associated with an address. Accounts are serialized and deserialized according to the account schema".
Let me know your thoughts, and please adapt/update if necessary.

> // An account consists of a unique identifier / <<account-address,address>>, an amount of tokens referred to as balance and possibly some additional properties used in other parts of the blockchain application.

Author: It sounds great!👍

An active delegate can mostly be considered as a forging delegate, who is able to forge new blocks for the Lisk blockchain. Rank 1-101.

=== Address initialization

The process of sending the first transaction on the Lisk blockchain.
With that the public key is permanently stored as part of the users address in the Lisk blockchain and checked every time a transaction is sent.
Hence, the users account is secure, even in the very rare case of an address collision.

> 

Author: I believe you are correct Vikas, as I understand this was for older versions of the protocol, therefore it has now been removed.

> 

Author: I think it should remain as it is, as we usually would use 'a' if the following word begins with a consonant sound, and use 'an' if the word begins with a vowel sound.

=== Delegate

A special term for validators in a DPoS sidechain.
//An account which performed the delegate registration and is now able to receive votes.
//An active delegate is now known as a <<consenter>>.
// === Delegate misbehaviour report transaction - now called Proof of Misbehavior - PoM

// A xref:{url_delegate_misbehavior}[delegate misbehavior report] refers to a transaction type on the Mainnet which reports a delegates misbehavior. +
// Any misbehavior of a delegate is xref:{url_discover_misbehavior}[indicated] by two contradicting block headers signed by the delegate.

=== Delegate registration transaction

A xref:{url_delegate_registration}[delegate registration] is achieved by sending a xref:{url_delegate_registration_tx}[delegate registration transaction] on the mainnet, which registers a delegate to participate in the Delegated Proof-of-Stake consensus algorithm.

=== Delegate misbehavior report

A transaction type on the mainnet which reports a delegate misbehavior.

=== Delegate vote

A transaction type on the mainnet which submits votes for delegates.
If the votes are positive it adds the voting weight, if they are negative it removes the voting weight again.

> If voting weight was added, the corresponding LSK are locked and cannot be used for any other transaction.

Author: Good point. I have reworded it as follows "If voting weight was added, the corresponding LSK tokens are locked and cannot be used for any other transaction".

In other words it is whereby an alternative version of the blockchain is created by generating two blocks on different parts of the network simultaneously.
For further detailed information regarding forking in the Lisk network, see the following {url_fork}[Lisk Mainnet hard fork process^] description in the Lisk Mainnet Regenesis page

=== Framework plugin

A self-contained, off chain component which extends the standard feature set of the Lisk SDK by a specific use case, e.g. a node monitor plugin or delegate forging plugin.
Typically there is no state change on the blockchain.

== G

=== Generator

A generator can mostly be considered as a forging generator, who is able to forge new blocks for the Lisk blockchain. Rank 1-101.

=== Genesis block

The xref:{url_genesis_block}[genesis block] describes the very first block in the blockchain.
It defines the initial state of the blockchain on start of the network.
A genesis block must be given to the application, and all networks should have a different genesis block.

== H

=== Hash onion

The hash onion stores the random seeds of the validator and is required for each forging round, this can be generated by the Lisk Commander.

> More details can be found in the xref:{url_hash_onion}[enable forging] section.

Author: Thanks Talha, Yes I am also unsure about this one... I will check with Mona 👍

> More details can be found in the xref:{url_hash_onion}[enable forging] section.

Author: As discussed, I have removed the line referring to the link 👍

Furthermore, it also implements a command allowing validators without a BLS key to register one.

=== Lisk framework

Lisk Framework is an application framework responsible for establishing and maintaining the interactions between the modules of a blockchain application compatible with the Lisk protocol. It provides an application where off-chain and on-chain logic can be extended with user-defined plugins and modules.

=== LIP - Lisk improvement proposal

A LIP is a document usually structured by the research team defining technical changes in the Lisk protocol.
In addition, it can also cover an implementation or a non-technical process surrounding Lisk.
Furthermore, a LIP also describes the requirements, rationale, and motivation for the required changes.

=== Lisk ecosystem

The Lisk ecosystem represents the third-party environment of Lisk, e.g. community members, exchanges, and sidechains.

=== Lisk SDK

The Lisk SDK is an open-source software development kit which enables developers to easily build scalable Blockchain applications using JavaScript.

=== Lisk Testnet

> The official testing network of Lisk.
> It can be thought of as an instance of a blockchain which is used for testing purposes, and consists of a the same version of the mainnnet underlying software.
> All testing and experimentation can be performed on the testnet without jeopardizing the actual mainnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The official testing network of Lisk.
It can be thought of as an instance of a blockchain that is used for testing purposes and consists of the same version of the mainnet underlying software.
All testing and experimentation can be performed on the testnet without jeopardizing the actual mainnet.
```

It is the official main network within Lisk.

// === Module Asset (Now changed to Command)

// A module asset allows a module to execute specific state changes on the blockchain based on transactions. A <<transaction>> with the corresponding module & asset ID needs to be sent to the <<blockchain-application>> in order to trigger the logic defined in a certain module asset. The data provided in the <<transaction-asset>> provides the required input data to execute the desired state changes.

=== Message fee

A property of a cross-chain message that is an amount of LSK that is credited to the relayer in the receiving chain.

=== Message recovery command

A mainchain command to recover a pending message in the inbox of a terminated sidechain.

=== Message recovery initialization command

A command to create the necessary state structures so that message recovery can happen.

=== Method

A method is an interface for module-to-module communication.

=== Minimum fee

All transactions must have a fee greater or equal to a minimum fee (which can be zero).
The minimum fee is computed from the transaction size.

> The minimum part of the fee should be burned, this is to avoid that validators can send transactions in the blocks they generate without cost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum fee should be burned to make sure that validators can't send transactions in the blocks they generate without a cost.
```

Short form of blockchain application.

=== Block Assets

The block assets contains data created by individual modules.
This consists of an array of bytes, whereby each value corresponds to an object serialized according to the `assetSchema` property.
The block assets, together with the transactions, form the block payload.

=== Blockchain client

A blockchain client is defined as the software that runs a blockchain node.

=== Blockchain Generation Hooks

Block generation hooks can add information to the block assets, but cannot introduce any state changes.
Generally speaking these are module methods which are called during the actual block generation.

=== Block Height

The number of blocks in the blockchain between the genesis block and the block of the specified block height.

== C

=== Consenter

> Within the mainchain, only active delegates are classed as consenters, hence this does not apply to standby delegates.

Author: Well, we currently have 2 terminology sheets at present, so I am trying to use both of them to build the terminology descriptions.
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lfOiBytQwj9J_cQ7IS_H08g_nZJLwX9o27k0SZoyMGs/edit#gid=1394845996 
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1PEBQdKQj6WDsblT5qwLzRiODlNVce7ORV6HvZQB2RrY/edit?pli=1#gid=0 

One is maintained by the devs and the other is maintained by the research team.

> Within the mainchain, only active delegates are classed as consenters, hence this does not apply to standby delegates.

Author: As per our discussion the Consenter term has been removed 👍

=== Command

A command is defined as a group of state-transition logics that are triggered by a specific transaction.
This can be identified by the module and command name of the transaction.
The actual command name is unique within the relevant module that it is associated with.

=== Cross-chain

Cross chain refers to the interoperability between two or more different independent blockchains.

=== Cross-chain Command

Cross-chain commands (CCMs), are responsible for triggering the logic defined by the cross-chain command, that is identified by both the module name and the cross-chain command name.

== D

=== Delegate

An account which performed the delegate registration and is now able to receive votes.

> An active delegate is now known as a <<consenter>>.

Author: See the comment above.

> An active delegate is now known as a <<consenter>>.

Author: Consenter is removed 👍

The number of blocks in the blockchain between the genesis block and the block of the specified block height.

=== Block ID

A hash of a block header that uniquely identifies a block in the Lisk blockchain.

== C

=== Chain ID

A unique identifier of a chain account.
It is used when sending tokens to a specific chain and also prepended for signing to protect against replay attacks.

=== Chain of Trust

The property that is always a 2/3 majority of the previous validators that sign the new validator set.

=== Chain Validators Substore

The chain validators substore holds information about the validators of other partner chains.

=== Consenter

Within the mainchain only active delegates are classed as consenters, hence this does not apply to standby delegates.

=== Command

A command is defined as a group of state-transition logics that are triggered by a specific transaction.
This can be identified by the module and command name of the transaction.
The actual command name is unique within the relevant module that it is associated with.

=== Cross-chain

Cross-chain refers to the interoperability between two or more different independent blockchains.

=== Cross-chain certification

> The general technique of how the mainchain and sidechains communicate.

Author: Updated accordingly 👍

=== Hash Onion

The hash onion stores the random seeds of the validator and is required for each forging round, this can be generated by the Lisk Commander.
More details can be found in the xref:{url_hash_onion}[enable forging] section.

== I

=== Interoperability

Interoperability can simply be defined as the ability of different blockchain networks being able to freely communicate, and transfer data and digital assets between each other.

=== Interoperability Module

> The interoperability module provides basic functionalities that will allow the transmission of information between interoperable chains in the Lisk ecosystem using cross-chain messages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The interoperability module provides functionalities that will allow the transmission of information between interoperable chains in the Lisk ecosystem using cross-chain messages.
```

== P

=== Package

NPM distribution of a library.

=== Parameters (Params)

A parameter can be defined as a property of a transaction which is passed as an input to the command that is being triggered by the transaction.
Essentially these are input parameters for the aforementioned command.

=== Passphrase

A set of 12 words used to access the Lisk address.

=== PBKDF2 - Password Based Key Derivation Function 2

PBKDF2 can be defined as key derivation functions with a sliding computational cost, in order to reduce vulnerabilities to brute force attacks.

=== Peer

A node interacting with other nodes on a Lisk network, e.g. Lisk’s mainnet.

=== PoS - Proof of stake

Proof of Stake is a type of consensus mechanism used to achieve agreement over a distributed network.
With PoS the consensus is determined based upon the stake of each user in the network. +
With PoS users are required to stake their tokens in order to become a validator in the network.
Validators are responsible for ordering transactions and creating new blocks, so that all nodes are able to agree on the current state of the network.

> === PoA - Proof of authority

Author: Well spotted! 👍

// Each transaction contains a module ID and an asset ID, defining the transaction type.
// All properties of a transaction object are described on the xref:{url_transaction_properties}[Transactions] page.
// The input data for the different <<module-asset, module assets>> is stored inside the <<transaction-asset>> of a transaction.

//=== Transaction asset  -Now renamed to 'Params'

// The asset of a transaction contains the custom data which serves as input parameters for the corresponding <<module-asset>>.
// The transaction asset is part of every <<transaction>> object.

=== Token ID

A unique identifier in the Lisk ecoysystem for a token type (e.g., LSK) created by the token module.

=== Token transfer

A transaction type on all networks based on the Lisk protocol which transfers fungible tokens (e.g. LSK), within one chain.

=== Token transfer transaction

A transaction type which transfers tokens from one account to another one.
A xref:{url_token_transfer}[Token transfer] transaction will transfer the amount of tokens specified in the amount property, from the sender of the transaction to the specified recipient.

=== Token unlock

> A transaction type on all networks based on the Lisk protocol which locks the token used for votes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A transaction type on all networks based on the Lisk protocol which unlocks the token used for votes.
```

=== Relayer

Relayers in simple terms can be defined as the actors that submit cross-chain update transactions (CCUs), between sidechains when necessary.
They are completely symmetric with regard to all information being relayed from a sidechain to the mainchain.

=== Reward module

The reward module provides the base reward system for the validators and the voters of the Lisk ecosystem.
The reward can be reduced which depends on the rules of the <<Random module>> and the <<BFT module>>.

== S

=== Second passphrase

An additional passphrase used as a voluntary, second level of security.

=== Self vote

A self vote is a vote that a delegate casts for themselves. Self votes are always at least 10% of the delegate weight.

=== Sending chain ID

The property in a cross-chain message identifying from which chain the message was sent.

=== Sidechain

A sidechain consists of a separate blockchain network that is connected to the mainchain network via a two-way peg.

=== Standby delegate

A standby delegate is classed as a delegate that is not able to forge new blocks for the Lisk blockchain, as each delegate is not an <<active-delegate>>.
Rank 102-∞.

=== State Store

> The xref:{url_state_store}[state store] is used to mutate the state of the blockchain data, or to retrieve data from the blockchain, and can also be thought of as a temporary data structure that holds a temporary state while processing a block.

Author: OK, I have updated the link as above, so it should be OK once the staging version is deployed online.

=== State recovery initialization command

A command to create the necessary state structures so that state recovery can happen.

=== State recovery command

A command to recover a specific part of the state in a terminated sidechain.

== T

> === Lisk Testnet

Author: Done 👍

=== Transaction

An interaction with the Lisk blockchain which permanently writes data to it.
A transaction can have multiple purposes, e.g. a balance transfer or delegate registration.
// Each transaction contains a module ID and an asset ID, defining the transaction type.
// All properties of a transaction object are described on the xref:{url_transaction_properties}[Transactions] page.
// The input data for the different <<module-asset, module assets>> is stored inside the <<transaction-asset>> of a transaction.

//=== Transaction asset  -Now renamed to 'Params'

// The asset of a transaction contains the custom data which serves as input parameters for the corresponding <<module-asset>>.
// The transaction asset is part of every <<transaction>> object.

=== Token ID

A unique identifier in the Lisk ecosystem for a token type (e.g., LSK) created by the token module.

=== Token transfer

A transaction type on all networks based on the Lisk protocol which transfers fungible tokens (e.g. LSK), within one chain.

=== Token transfer transaction

A transaction type which transfers tokens from one account to another one.

> A xref:{url_token_transfer}[Token transfer] transaction will transfer the amount of tokens specified in the amount property, from the sender of the transaction to the specified recipient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A xref:{url_token_transfer}[Token transfer] transaction will transfer the number of tokens specified in the amount property, from the sender of the transaction to the specified recipient.
```

=== Token unlock

A transaction type on all networks based on the Lisk protocol which unlocks the token used for votes.

=== Total votes received

The total votes received is the sum of all vote amounts (including self-votes), for that specific delegate.
The self-votes are always at least 10% of the delegate weight, in order to ensure each delegate is able to maintain an adequate amount of votes.
The votes are aggregated and used to compute the delegate weight, which in turn is used to assign blocks to delegates. However, it should be noted that as the delegate vote will be capped by the self-vote, the total votes might not be equal to the delegate weight.

=== Transaction fee

> 

Reviewer: Should be the following on line 715:

A number of LSKs required for sending a transaction to the Lisk blockchain.

Author: Done 👍
